guys guys guys look at us with a dream
team we're all strikers real school goal
sure all the time you score score score
sir but we need defense people we'd have
a sick goal in a single amazing but
where we gonna find them Jean I hope
she'll sees again dude football team and
the English one the pure League this
year or something I mean I don't know if
they're good enough talk to their
manager we need a coach talk to him yeah
all right sounds good let's do it
oh that Chelsea
according to the official rankings of
the European Football Association
Chelsea ranks as the fourth best team in
Europe this year they won the English
Championship and with the European
champions in 2012 we had that defied the
hotel the team was staying and our
operation was on we had arrived for a
first scouting mission where we stood in
line posing as regular fans but
unbeknownst to Chelsea we were there to
sign their players
Ammar brought his selfie stick and we
finally spotted what we were here to get
Jose considered one of
most successful coaches of all time he
would be the perfect coach to manage our
team we then spotted the two players we
needed first pick John Terry Chelsea's
most successful captain throughout
history and England's national team
captain our second pick Numenta managed
one of the best defensive midfielders in
the world and the player we need the
players left but Mourinho was still in
the lobby we had to convince him to
coach our team we sneaked in through the
restaurant connected to the hotel hid in
the bathrooms the bathroom of this super
fancy hotel and the coach Mourinho is
known for having short temper and he
gets justice
first
and we spotted Moreno
another page for my affair
and coach
hurt me with
before you can hear our offer security
threw us out and threatened to call the
police if we ever came back what we
going to leave is like they don't want
us here at all yeah we got to move we
walked home with no coach no player
signed and the security now knew our
faces our mission seemed impossible we
needed a new plan when the players were
at practice we went back to get changed
and came back with a new operation
here's the plan the players would arrive
with their bus through the front door
and would probably walk either straight
to the elevators or to the staircase
there were four security guards in the
front and four security guards at the
four corners of the lobby
we could easily blend in in the couch
area and in the elevators so we had
split up into four teams I was going to
walk in first and sit down on one of the
couches close to the restaurant and
pretend to wait for a reservation
Omar would sit closer to the lobby and
wait for his dad to ride from the
airport Matt would walk right through
security and into the elevators to scout
the floors while Darren waited in a
permitted fan area outside operation Pro
30 was on
Oh
after waiting for half an hour in the
lobby security questioned us and started
to ramp up super sketchy there's a lot
five security guards are looking at us
the best is what we're doing here and do
it the players were arriving and we
needed to strike at the exact right
moment what Matt was upstairs posing as
one of the players agents he found their
dining hall but players were already
walking in through the lobby Matt was
escorted downstairs by security
but amar and I were still in position is
a here heart is racing it was now or
never
I waited for the security to catch the
first fan running up once the security
was distracted I spotted the player I
needed and I went for it
sorry I have a question I have to sign
you to my team my signing this contract
could you sign me on my my back it
suggested was signing up a 32 I to baby
we had John Terry signed up for a team
and right behind him was her second pick
naman Jamaat each others
it just says contract well here yes yes
idea awesome
you the men make so much
now you're gone thank you we assigned
both Terry and methods to our team on a
very official contract and our team was
ready for the best season to date
Thank You Terry no message for signing
up for a team this is a solid contract
right here
give it up final two the lawyers at the
mall this
I had a kill with you